Add options bag term from plenary description (#86)
tc39/how-we-work: terminology.md

console.log(abd);  // runtime error
```

> ### Options bag

Author: ```suggestion
#### References
- [early error](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#early-error) defined in the ECMAScript specification editor's draft.

```

#### References
- [early error](https://tc39.es/ecma262/#early-error) defined in the ECMAScript specification editor's draft.

### Options Bag

#### Definition

> A parameter value that is a JavaScript object with properties looked up eagerly. It is used to configure behavior of a function. Methods on the options bag object should be invoked with `undefined` as the default value for `this`

Reviewer: How do you mean eagerly? Not quite sure what can be lazy here.

Author: @rkirsling unclear a bit on exact semantic! just following plenary description.

CC: @erights @ljharb

Reviewer 2: I think we can drop " looked up eagerly"

Reviewer 2: I would add here: "...a JavaScript object with a set of optional specification defined properties."

Reviewer 3: We shouldn’t drop it. There is a big difference between eager lookup and what Proxy does, lazy lookup.

Author: live (on every use), lazy (on first use), and eager (prior to any use) might be good to define.

The definition here is a bit fuzzy as some parameters are objects but not options bags.

#### Example

```js
const optionsBag =  { style: 'currency', currency: 'EUR' };

> new Intl.NumberFormat('de-DE', optionsBag);

Reviewer: Might be better to call it `options` since that's nearly always what it'd be called in documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
// options is an options bag
const options =  { style: 'currency', currency: 'EUR' };
new Intl.NumberFormat('de-DE', options);
```
